hello that such friends welcome to this
what is master collector
today we are going to talk about this
model that is Mercedes Benz and plus in
Your version of Master Taxi Scale 118
as you can see this is a model
recent takes at least four years of
that came out in the teachers' catalog
It is completely made of metal
the mold is new and therefore with its
plastic details how I evolve
used not this
It is a model that comes in a cream color
or as they say in some places is a
like hello
very good details one of the most
I liked it is simply that it brings the
mercedes benz emblem in the part
front of the chest brings your ad
taxi in the part of the roof or a
shark fin antenna brings us its
Sunroof opens what is doors
side chest and trunk
comes comes well detailed the interior
comes very well detailed brings part
simulating wood
he brings us what his wheels are and with
rubber tires
the brakes are disc in the four
tires we brand are not more than
people who do not come carved as in
other models but if the details
that I did not like about this model are in
the front what would be the
fog lights because they really are not
realistic only come in a
small part of plastic simulating for
leave it kind led but it actually looks
a little realistic of the pro's
This model is the color the color
really liked the back part what
are the skulls I liked a lot too
Front father is coming very very very
detailed really like the car
true to real scale
then it's a good model that the
Master brings to scale 118 this model
also came out in the part of this
version that is taxi came out a version
which is like a patrol and in the version
normal of the standard car then this
I bought it yesterday
just in what is sanborn's park
if you want to buy it
go there you may not find
since we are in a call or have seen
here in Mexico more than online
and because it is a good model I assure you that
they will like it brings good level of
finished in the paint is very good
trauma a very good glow then it
I recommend you buy the systems
within their cities is a model that
they will like it a lot
Well, this was a brief
mercedes benz and class description
taxi version of master step 18
I hope it has been sauro and serve them in
something so I wait for you in a next
video share denle like and see you
until next time